QUARKUS-7179 - Support @PermissionsAllowed security annotation on REST Data Panache endpoints (#302)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QUARKUS-7179.md

* `@PermissionsAllowed` placed on a specific method secures only that endpoint.
* Repeated `@PermissionsAllowed` annotations on a method require all permissions to be satisfied.
* Method-level annotations override class-level annotations when both are present (e.g. class-level `@RolesAllowed` with method-level `@PermissionsAllowed`).
* The annotation works on both `PanacheEntityResource` and `PanacheRepositoryResource` interfaces.

## Existing test coverage

Upstream tests: https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/main/extensions/panache/hibernate-orm-rest-data-panache/deployment/src/test/java/io/quarkus/hibernate/orm/rest/data/panache/deployment/security

Upstream test coverage verifies `@PermissionsAllowed` at method-level and class-level, repeated annotations, and combinations with `@RolesAllowed`.
All upstream tests use H2 in-memory databases and embedded test identity providers.
It does not test with a real database or on OpenShift.

The QE test suite does not contain any tests for `@PermissionsAllowed` on REST Data Panache endpoints.

### Impact on test suites and testing automation

> The existing [`sql-db/panache-flyway`](https://github.com/quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-suite/tree/main/sql-db/panache-flyway) module will be extended with new Panache resource interfaces annotated with `@PermissionsAllowed` and a `@PermissionChecker` for permission evaluation.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that `panache-flyway` is the best place for the coverage. Flyway is not supported on the product side.

Personally I would prefer to use `sql-db/reactive-rest-data-panache` but I understand that you want to build on top of QUARKUS-2788 which landed in `panache-flyway` module

@jedla97 @mjurc any strong opinion on this? We could possibly let the coverage in and rethink / rename the modules later. I guess there could be more cases like this.

Reviewer 2: I was looking at it also, but as the QUARKUS-2788 set the precedent I don't see a problem in scope of this TP and TD.

> We could possibly let the coverage in and rethink / rename the modules later. I guess there could be more cases like this.

For this I agree that it would better to move it and left the panache-flyway just for the testing of database migration.

This module already contains REST Data Panache security tests from QUARKUS-2788.

### Impact on resources

> Tests will be executed on JVM, Native and OpenShift environments.

Reviewer 2: I get what you want to say, but think it would be better like `Tests will be executed on baremetal and OpenShift in JVM and native mode` or something like this. As it's not clear what will be executed on OpenShift. Also the JVM and Native are not environments but in Quarkus scope they are modes.

Author: Ok thank you, I will change it

The new tests reuse the existing module infrastructure, so the impact should be minimal.

> Estimated execution time increase of a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The estimated execution time increases by a few minutes.
```

## Getting familiar with the feature

Following actions were taken to ensure familiarity:
- Reviewed upstream issue, pull request and test coverage

> - Reviewed Quarkus REST Data with Panache documentation on security annotations

Reviewer: Anything to be enhanced in the documentation?

Author: I haven't noticed any issues.
